# Secure-Electronic-Voting-using-Azure-Blockchain

India, the world's largest democracy, has evolved a lot through its voting system since independence. From ballots to Electronic Voting Machines(EVMs), the voting system has become more and more secure and reliable. However, steps are being taken to make the system more efficient and safe. The concept of online voting, much popular in many countries abroad, has still not been explored in India. The reason is clear, there have not been developed efficient systems to ensure the level of security which is required in online voting. Being such a huge democracy, it is high time for us to introduce the concept of online voting into the system. Online Voting helps increase voter participation and reduce election costs while upholding the highest security, verifiability and integrity standards. 
In today’s vast world of opportunities, very few people live in their hometowns or live in a single city pertaining to the transferable jobs. So, the concept of online voting can enable any citizen of India to vote from any city despite having the voter ID of a different city.
Through our idea, we mainly aim towards maintaining transparency and ease for the voters for their online voting. After the offline or physical verification of all the parties regarding their criminal records, income records etc. by the government department, the account of the parties will be created directly by the government regardless of any interference by that particular party. Later, one can create their voting account using their Aadhaar credentials to keep our system secured. Once an online account gets created using Aadhaar credentials, the voter ID number of that particular person will automatically be linked online with that account. Since a person will be voting for her/his place, he will be shown about all the details about the parties and their candidates. We can even include incentives to attract more of the Indian population to participate in online voting.
With this online voting option, we want to maintain transparency, security and convenience for our Indian society so that they can easily vote, sitting at their place, helping India to make a strong government.
